Welcome, one and all, to Dynasty Typewriter in downtown Los Angeles, where they're about
Harmontown, as once again in session.
Let's bring out the game master, Mr. Spencer Crittenden.
Oh yeah, Spencer's hittin' down on his desk couch, it's a cabinet, it's got drawers on
it.
I'm talkin', I'm talkin', you got a hold on, like, hold on couch.
Oh, it's more like a love seat.
It's like a fainting couch.
Speaking of love, let's welcome the sexiest seat in town, the mayor of Harmontown, Mr.
Dan Harmon.
Oh, Tim, Tim, Tim, thank you, thank you, thank you, thanks.
I have to pick and choose, I had a couple things to talk about, but I gotta go in order
of importance, or I'll forget the most important thing, which is, I looked into why balls hang
off the body today, and for years, because I've always known that explanation that you've
heard, which is like, oh, it takes a degree cooler temperature for sperm to be either
made or stored, and it's like, what?
You're telling me they didn't figure out a way, it's just, something rang false about
it.
And I always, it was the most scientific explanation, it was like, oh, there needs to be cooler
down there.
And I found, the thing that makes the most sense about what I learned is that part of
the lie is that that's true, the balls are hangin' down there for a temperature difference.
But the darker, more sinister thing is that it's not necessary, it's not like, oh, it's
a deal breaker for the evolution of life, God, there's no other way to make sperm, it
could never happen, and forget about storing them, and oh, boy, sperm, they're so delicate,
they're so, it's such an amazing process, and it needs to be this certain temperature.
You know, the sperm prefer it, they live longer and use less resources, so it's like a group
on, you're, it makes such, I was so, I was like, that's it, the sperm are, they're running
the show.
They got like a lever, they're pullin', they're like, let's take out up a notch, get these
balls down here.
There's that one sperm that comes into the ball and goes, it's hot in here, can I go
check it, can I go to the AC and make a little cooler in here?
That is what they're doing, because when sperm are, they're such simple organisms, like little
ants, I don't know if it's gross to think about ants in your balls, but like, what they
share is that there's no circulatory system, there's nothing, look, sperm have a longer,
more comfortable life in your balls than they would in a cup of soup, like, and it's because,
like, they get heat activated, like, they know when they are and aren't in a vagina,
but if they feel like they're kind of in a vagina, they'll, well, then they'll just
be all hustle, bustle, and they'll run out of their little lunches that their daddy packed
for them, and the sperm can't have that, they want to live all day, it's like, they're just
like, yes, that's what we are, we're so, we are a sperm.
They live in a constant body temperature, like 98.6 or whatever, and then they get into
a vagina, they're just going to be like, they're still in the jacuzzi, like, they're still
going to be relaxed and chilling out, but what's the question?
When they get into a vagina, and this is why, whenever you've wondered, you can understand
why a science class would avoid this semantically, because we're just, we're already uncomfortable,
we're talking about, well, it knows when it's in a pussy, and it's kind of weird to talk
about even in a health class or something, because it's like, it's too much, sex ed,
they try to keep it, they try to keep everything separate, they're explaining all these things
to you about what might happen and definitely shouldn't happen, but why your body's going
through changes, do you have sex ed in school?
But they, even if it's a co-ed thing, they kind of like, they don't, it's like they mentioned
the act, but it's like this idea of like, well, the sperm, what you guys need to understand
is that you're packing a population of 100 million torpedoes, and they want to be in
one place, and once they get there, it's on.
That's the part that's uncomfortable, is that when they, they get kind of heat activated,
and then they're, they're like, this is it, I've been waiting my whole life, this is
where I'm going to die, here in this desert or whatever, but they will also, the important
thing to understand is that they're not, it's not like, it's not that they would burst out
on their own because they'd get so excited because your balls would be one degree warmer,
it's just that they, it's the equivalent of them putting like cucumbers on their eyes
at night, like they're just living longer, they just want to be pretty, like they just,
they want to like be, they want to be kept in a cooler room, because it makes them eat
less, yeah.
It's like they're doing yoga or whatever, it's anything, it's like they're the sentience,
you know, that's the, they heard this thing on NPR about how, you know, when you're a,
when you're developing, like your first cells are your gametes, I mean, you are, you are
a 3D printer that refuses to, the species is like, I'm not going to use toner on a 3D
printer that doesn't have a toner, like, like, because the whole point is making more shit,
like, I imagine, like, for all the things that can go wrong in the womb and during, like,
the gestation from blastocyst to viable fetus, you know, we, we, we, there's a whole room
full of us experiencing the glorious variations that can occur throughout that development,
many of them totally precluding an active chance at reproduction, the, the, but, and,
like, nature is, like, totally willing to lay those bets, but if you, if you were, like,
in the womb and it was, like, something fucked with the whole point of it, it would, like,
it probably shuts that down a thousand times more often.
It's not going to waste a penny on you.
Your balls, your sperm are down in your balls, wagging the dog of your whole life.
They're just, like, like, at a nice 95 degrees.
What a bunch of little dicks.
Did I, am I making this up, but did I overhear someone say that the slight variation in temperature
will decide whether it's male or female?
Well, alligators do it that way.
The alligators, their eggs, the temperature of them, look, I've been to Florida.
The alligators have that, the temperature determines gender of the, of the eggs, so I don't get
that at all.
But it kind of goes to show you, like, we might overstate the importance of, like, the
intricate, I mean, that's really shotgunning, like, that is playing, like, weird fire,
isn't it?
Like, to, they, the alligators have their gender determination plugged into a, like, directly
into the environment, like, and they're prehistoric, they've been around forever.
So probably, like, everything is just kind of an experiment, like, there's nothing.
Yeah, they, they, they take their sperm cell, basically, their egg, and they put it in nature,
and so nature is alligators' balls.
Yeah.
But alligators, alligators do have balls.
I'm gonna get that tattooed.
That's how much I believe in that statement.
Alligators have testes, but they're located on the inside of the alligator, which is a
natural place you'd put your testes.
But those sperm would then would have to, they would, they would live to half their
age and they would feel so, imagine the futility.
Imagine being a sperm, I mean, they have a right, you know, to, like, live their full
sperm life.
How dare we?
And here, and there's, there's a muscle, it's not, I made, I made my employees look
into this today.
When you have a writer's assistant, it just becomes so, it's so much better than Googling.
It gets, it, you feel like you have, like, this legitimacy, like, like, this.
Johnson, I want to, I want to report on everything about balls on my desk tomorrow morning.
Look at, look at balls, look at balls, how come balls are dangling, bro?
We're writing an episode about it.
Can't sue me.
Come on, ladies, talk about balls with your boss.
I've learned nothing.
That just occurred to me.
How come balls are dangling is a great Google search string, I think.
I find, you ever, you ever, you, you know, I find myself saying this a lot lately when
I, I find myself consistently saying, I'll learn something and then I'll go, wow, that's
simultaneously uplifting and downtrodding, like, is that happening to you as you get
older?
Cause it's like you're more tasting the sublime qualities of the universe and you're kind
of like, I don't, oh, that's an interesting story, but you don't get as fired up about
did the good guys win or lose?
You're just kind of like, there's another one of those stories and you kind of like
start getting off on the equilibrium of it, like, I don't know who I'm rooting for in
that story.
Give me a, give me a, give me a, for instance, ah, boy, geez, I don't know us.
For instance, ah, for cry, I, I for cry, we know, we don't remember nothing on this
show.
I don't know.
I was just curious.
It doesn't matter.
I got high.
Okay.
Let's, uh, but that's a good segue because our guest, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, is related
to being high.
Whoa.
He made a little thing called dope state, um, for with my studio, star burns.
Hell yeah.
He did.
Um, and he's our new friend.
Are you out there?
Are you back there game?
I guess it doesn't matter.
I think he's out there.
Uh, please welcome your new friend Gabe Sunday to the stage anywhere you like, but I think
oh man.
Okay.
So first question, where'd you get that outfit?
I need it.
Um, yeah, I wore this because this was my like comfy.
This is like my comfy editing gear.
That's great.
I bought scrubs the other day and this is like an upgrade of that.
For those listening, he's, uh, he's got kind of a flight suit, like military jumper kind
of thing.
I got my super tight shirt on.
So Starburns, uh, Starburns are, yeah, super tight.
You look like a guy in Top Gun that like that's, it was like the Top Guns drug dealer.
That the out, that the out day one in Top Gun.
The only one that's like, you know, you had, you had clearance to get on the base, but
they make, they made you wear that.
So you look like you kind of fit in.
All right.
I got too high.
That's perfect.
Man.
It's great, man.
Do you find yourself when you, do you ever get too high as that question first?
Absolutely.
I'm, I'm very sad.
I have a very precarious relationship with Meryl.
I mean, like, I don't, I'm not, I can't, I do crave it because it's my, it's what,
it's, I made a show about weed.
It's like a mockumentary comedy series.
Let's get to that in a second.
Okay.
Tell me about what you were saying.
Yeah.
Or just starting naming fruits and I'll forget what I asked.
Stop saying you have options.
Stop saying what you're saying.
We'll go, go back to what we were saying.
Yeah.
I'm uncomfortable too, Dan.
I'm, I'm, I'm in my own.
Apples.
Can you describe getting too high?
Cause people use the word paranoid.
And when I was in my twenties, I never understood what the old guys meant when they said, I
can't smoke pot anymore.
I get paranoid.
And I never knew.
I was like, first, that sounds fun.
Like what?
You take a drug that makes you think people are out to get you because nobody's ever
been out to get you when you're 20.
And so you're like, that sounds like a pill I'd take.
Right.
Yeah.
Like I play video games to be paranoid, but then, and then, and then, and then sometime
in my thirties, I'm going to use my eye statements.
I keep using you.
And I'm like, come on, Harmon, speak for yourself.
And then sometime in my thirties, I just, I had that first like, oh, I got too high.
And I shouldn't be because I'm 30.
And then I have rent due tomorrow.
And like the heinous turn, I think that's what, I think that's what people mean when
they talk about paranoia.
I think marijuana shows us things that we need to be attentive and pay attention to.
You know, it's like, fuck, gotta call my dad back.
It's been a few weeks and fuck, I gotta check the thing.
And like, this doesn't feel good.
Like what's here?
Like the lung or is this like the liver?
Like I gotta go, you know, and like you start getting your head about that.
And I really do feel like pot is a thing that points out things you need to be attentive
to.
And part of like one of the reason where I think paranoia and uncomfortableness comes
from is like people who maybe need to just check in with like breathing and just being
in their moment and blah, blah, blah.
But yeah, to answer your question, most times I smoke weed.
I'm like, fuck, I always forget this part where I smoke.
And then I'm like, oh, we're back here again.
You know, it's like, oh, fuck, oh, now I'm in that place, how long is this gonna take?
Part of our group that I travel with a lot is a guy we travel with and he doesn't like
to fly and he takes his little tiny, like really, really low dosage, like little mints
that are weedy, you know, kind of edible mints, weedies, weedies, yeah, you got Bruce
Jenner on the cover of the thing and that's how old he's a guy.
And he gave me, he's like, they put you right to sleep, like I sleep on plants, he goes
up, but they're so relaxing, all the anxiety that I feel like, you won't even know that
you've taken it.
I took it and I was fucking freaking out.
I'm gonna play with my head and my hands going, oh, like, ah, like get me off of this
fucking thing.
I remember being in an animal collective concert and biting my hand until it bled because I
needed to be rooted in like reality, like I bit my hand until I bled, like I was the
guy in the crowd who was like, I'm having a good time, like, you know, like, this is
fucking great at strawberry jam and like, and I would say that like most of the times
whenever I've been in like a, because I made a weed show, which by the way makes it very
difficult to sell your show because Broad City, they can smoke weed all day, but they
won't sell commercials to a weed thing.
Anyway, that's the whole separate thing.
The thing about weed is like, if you're in a weed show and you go to it like a serious
meeting or like a blah, blah, blah, it's always like, oh, we brought weed because you're the
fucking weed guy.
Like you like being really high, really, really high right now and it just becomes a thing
that it's so normalized, but I'm still not.
I have a very love hate relationship with pot.
I think it's a really fucking heavy drug.
Spencer.
Hey guys.
I should be respected.
I, uh, I understand fashion when I'm high.
I put on, I smoke a, I smoke a doobie and then I'm like, yo, I need long pants.
What's going on?
I mean, I, that, that's, I mean, it's true and some, and that, that manifests like that
a thing of like, it's like changing what you're paying attention to, which never occurred
to me.
That's exactly what it does.
Which, which if you're doing well, if you're in a good space, it could be like your girlfriend's
bra strap or the fact that, uh, uh, you need to breathe like, but in a good way.
No, the, it's, it's like, I, I was trying to create a list because I was like, why did
you, why was your girlfriend's bra strap?
That's a solid start.
That's a bad one item list because now you're just a pervy, pervy guy that's like, uh, sometimes
the grass makes me twitchy, but it's cool with the chicks.
I just, I just like, I became a dazed and confused character.
I've never seen the movie, but I saw the trailer and like, I just, I'm so high.
And then a, like right now there's paranoia that there's a voice going like, look at you.
Look at you.
Listen to yourself.
Are you listening to yourself?
That's my paranoia.
I was like, everybody knows that I'm too high and they're going to make fun of me.
They're going to, they're going to ridicule me for being high and poke fun at me and well,
I'm here to tell you, that's how you'll live.
What's your, what's your own comfort right now?
You're at your own show.
Getting better.
Or like, what?
Oh no.
Well, I know it, but it truly is.
It's funny how it's not always like, oh, a mortgage in a, I've got to hunt the spotted
leopard next Wednesday.
I'm trying to make up anxieties, trying to improvise a list of anxieties.
Number one was mortgage.
Straight to mythical creature hunting.
I guess I've never had to worry about anything.
Dan, go back to what you were saying.
Like that was where a normal person would have like, I've got to clean the gutters or
tie my shoes or, you know, not enjoy total fucking psychic hegemony over all creatures
great and small to the point where I have to create my own crises so that I can feel
valuable.
I can feel the tension of me pushing up against failure as otherwise I don't know if I'm
alive.
Anyway, so you made this, I'm just really happy.
I'm not high right now.
Like, I would be staring at you being like, got to think the funny thing.
Got it.
Got to follow you.
Got to follow you up that.
All right.
So tell us about dope state.
Yeah.
Thank you for saying.
Oh, yeah.
Great smile from Jeff.
I'm feeling rooted on here.
Dope states show.
We made it.
Starbucks Industries took a couple years and was a, it's a mockumentary set in the cannabis
culture boom in California.
And I play a handful of characters, dab girls, daddies, dealer, well, no, you play a dealer
in it.
And, and then we're surrounded by a lot of comedians, most of which are in the starburn
space at least some degree, kind of passing through and showing everything from like Silicon
Valley culture to the people getting pushed out of the industry, which is what I grew
up around, you know, growers and dealers who are now getting pushed out because of dispensaries
and all that.
The first season, six episodes on Pluto TV, and it really focuses on the old school pot
game that's being like completely just decimated by big, the big cannabis boom right now.
Pluto TV, Pluto TV, it's free TV Spence on Pluto and Earth.
Yeah.
Channel 420.
We're on the wheat channel channel.
Pluto TV is channel 420.
No, no, no, it's 420 on on Pluto TV.
So you get on your phone and then channel 420 is the, is the, the wheat, the wheat channel.
A couple of days ago, Cody informed me was the, your last chance to get married and have
your 50th anniversary be on 42069.
Yeah.
And we were like, we were reaching for the keys, like on our way to city hall.
And then we're like, can you imagine trying to get that laugh 50 years from now?
You'd be like, first I have to explain calendars to a fucking hologram of a, of Pokemon that's
just like coming through my id because no one's real anymore.
Like there is no people.
There would be, there's no, if there's people 50 years from now, I quit.
I quit.
Yeah.
Sorry.
I cut you off.
Do you, do you have any opinions about the corporatization of marijuana?
Uh, I think it's, you know, there's, there's the, the, the schism, schism between legalization
and decriminalization.
And obviously in California, we chose legalization and that opens the door for big businesses
to steal all the businesses of honest drug dealers without, you know, preventing drug
dealings, just selling a product, you know, the medicine people do it and we, we say it's
great.
But, uh, you know, they're just taking all the business from all these, these earnest,
hardworking folk that have been fulfilling a big need and getting arrested for it, which
is bad.
And obviously they're not, I don't even know why I have to ask this out loud, but because
there's probably some discussion about it.
Why am I you explaining why you ask questions?
Because you're high.
You're high as bat pussy, right?
Whoa.
And they sleep upside down.
Belfrees.
Yeah.
They sleep upside down.
That's about as high as, that's high as it gets.
They live in belfrees and they sleep upside down.
I heard that from Steve Agee, I'm like, that's the greatest I've ever heard in my life.
You don't get any higher in the animal kingdom than a bat pussy.
They sleep on the ceiling, but upside down so their head is lower than their person.
And it's not just bat genitals because the male bat penis immediately flaps down like
an ironing board in a hotel as soon as it goes to sleep.
And it's just every inch counts, ask the people that built the belfree, why'd you put that
cross up there if it wasn't to beat the church across the street?
You know, in this arms race for God's grace, what am I saying?
No, this is good.
This is good.
It's illegalization.
It's some ASPD stuff.
What?
Why?
The propositions are passed and then legalizations put through.
Should I get you some popcorn or something like that?
You want some snacks?
We can get some pizza.
Call the police.
Yes.
Oh, I did.
They're coming.
I just want to, I just want to talk to someone that will put me straight.
No, this is actually perfect because I'm experiencing the other side of the pot thing.
Like if you having a little bit of like uncomfort, I was really high yesterday at the Renaissance
Fair.
Oh, yeah.
We didn't go to the another renter.
George R. Martin was there two years ago, I saw him hit a little like dinky dragon on
his shoulder.
Like he was walking around just buying his meats and drink.
He was, he was having a ball.
Just buying his.
But I'm, but I'm a great bunch of shop there.
You go get a nice tenderloin, sweet turkey leg.
Yeah.
I'm experiencing the next day weed lackadaisical lethargy of like the mind of like bad pussy.
I got something to say about that.
And then it's like like someone pressing against my forehead, just like setting me back.
Like that's what I get.
That's the negative side effects for weed for me is like the hangover is like that.
Yeah, the weed hangover.
I hate the weed hangover.
I love it.
Oh, I, I actually I'm trying to stop smoking weed.
I've been getting paranoia and panic attacks lately.
Not great.
I was in line somewhere.
I thought I was having a heart attack.
Yeah, I might have been having a heart attack.
You pace back and forth and you're like checking your pulse because if you're going to have
a heart attack, you want to be the first to know, right?
You're the I mean, no one else way to do that kids is to just always check your pulse.
Is that just after smoking like you just after smoking it was in that case.
Yeah.
In these war movies, you know, like a bombshell goes off nearby the person and they have this
ringing in their ears and they can't hear anything that was happening to me.
And I was like, wait, that doesn't happen in real life.
That's a movie thing.
I'm dying.
And no, I swear I was going to mention that like I and then I thought don't bring that
up.
Like that's not that's a subjective experience for you, but it's interesting that you brought
that up.
Yeah, because you've probably heard people say I get panic attacks and I never looked
up what a panic attack was and I was like, yeah, I freak out all the time.
What?
But like, no, a panic attack is like a medical thing where it feels like you're having a
heart attack or whatever.
It's terrifying.
And that's been happening.
It's no good.
I've been trying.
I smoked on 420, but I haven't really smoked the last couple of weeks.
I don't I don't think I'm going to keep smoking.
Now, do you think gentlemen for the panel, yes, do you think that that is a function of
biology, chemicals or anything, or is that more psychology, your your life changing and
getting getting high, having the same effect on you that you're you're parsing it differently
because you your your life is changing.
I would guess aging has something to do with it.
And I've read just long term weed use leads to different side effects than short term
weed use.
So after you've been doing it for several years, it can actually affect you psychologically
differently than the first seven years or something.
So it might just be like late weed use or something.
When did we become such squares?
I mean, I've heard of it.
I think it's pretty common for people as they get older to be like, I was really into weed
and then now I'm feeling like all those negative things and I've got no time for it.
But like it does.
Yeah, it has it for I especially being recently like doing promotion and all this for this
and like I've been thrusted in the scene of like go weed, like it's the fucking thing
for everything.
Oh, yeah.
It's CBD.
Yeah.
And CBD.
And I've had some really good experiences, CBD that didn't freak me out.
But like it's still it's still a pretty intense drug that thrown into it's just not all the
heal all end all.
And I think it's more of that.
It's got this collective excitement behind it, which is wonderful.
Like I love that.
But it's also like, you know, you can't you can't throw it into any mental situation.
Yeah.
You know, and especially like edibles.
Like I think God we're in a day where you can pick out the thing for the airport because
like, okay, my mom would hate that I would tell.
My mom would not like that I would tell this story because she so there's still a little
shame in my family between weed, but my mom grew pot this year and like she got like two
pounds.
It was like a huge amount of people.
I don't know.
Is that like an illegal amount?
What's your address?
My parents are going to get like raided now.
Yeah.
And my mom was like, she doesn't smoke, but she wanted to like make it for her kid and
his friends.
She wanted to give it a shot.
She grew two pounds.
Yeah.
Well, she's a fucking Bay Area like green thumb lady.
She's like, I plan in the past.
I was going to say, yeah, agent, like everything she does or no, she's got a green thumb.
That's adorable.
Yeah.
It was adorable.
And so my adorable 72 year old mother, 71, she was cooking it to make us these little
space balls.
And when you cook THC, so what's a space ball?
Space balls like a little thing like like this big and you put is that like not a term
that's like a big to good like a space cake space.
Space cake.
I've heard this, but these are these come in spherical form little like munchie.
Yeah.
A little munchie think they're healthy made of organic stuff.
But what she didn't know is that when you cook it into oil, that's that psycho that's
psycho activates that psycho activates the weed and then it channelizes the psychoactivization
of process.
Right.
I mean, science where you want to get it's logical.
It intensifies the cycle.
No, no, no.
It turns it on.
It's not the psychoactive property of weed is not really turned on unless it's heat activated
from what I know.
And when you put that into oil and you cook it, it's it's hot.
It's ready.
And my mom then without gloves started making these little space cakes with like, oh, this
is not where I thought the story was going at all.
So I get a, I get a call from my sister.
I'm in a wedding and I get a guy to come home.
Oh my God.
Mom is like, is gone.
I was like, well, I had one of them like it's a little heavy, but like just, you know, tell
her to sit down, put on some discovery, whatever.
And I come home and my mom had ingested like an ounce of pot and she was, she was puking.
She was freaking out, watching my mother, you know, go through like a bad trip, which
was all, you know, it was, she was so scared.
And I sat with her and she was like, Gabe's home, Gabe, Gabe, you know, like it was like
death bed, shit, you know, and I like, and I can't, and she was like grabbing for me.
And she was like, I can't look.
It's too bright.
And every time she'd open her eyes, she'd be like, oh no, this is too bright.
And then she's like, did Red Dead Redemption come out yet?
I missed it.
Like, mom, I've never seen you like this.
And she, and she like grabbed me and like held me and like held my hand and she was like
shaking and I was, I was like, mom, I've been a burning man like eight times.
You're the fucking highest person I have ever seen.
And it was legit.
It was topical.
It was like, it went into her hands.
She didn't smoke any of it.
And then it got awesome because I sat with her and we did like Technahan, like breathing
shit.
And like, I leaned into her ear and I was like, breathe in, breathe out, breathe in, breathe
out.
I sat with her for two hours and pretty soon my mom was like, we're spinning to the left,
Gabe, and you're with me and it's us.
And we're spinning to the left, to the left.
That made me so relaxed just now.
I recorded it.
She was like, listen to what I'm saying to you and never forget.
And it was always to the left.
Right.
Back into the left.
It was like, whoa.
The Holocaust happens.
Don't let them convince you.
Follow the money.
Silent greenest people.
Everything to the left.
Shit came out.
She was like, get everybody from the family out here right now.
So we all come out.
My dad's there.
My dad, who has no idea how to handle this shit, he's like, honey, your kids love you.
My mom's like, stop it.
Don't talk to me about anything.
It was coming up.
And I was like, mom, Jesus, Lord, like, you know, like, but we ended up holding hands
and I was crying and she was crying.
And to what extent I get the feeling, I think, from talking to you before, but I kind of
hope I'm wrong, that your parents are kind of, you know, on the front side of this, this
box, your parents aren't like principles in a Pringles commercial.
They're, they're, your parents are hippies, right?
Mr. and Mrs. Mike Pence, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Back into the left.
Fuck, mother.
Fuck.
No flavor crystals in my library.
Whoa, it's fucking reefer.
It's a little, but somehow that makes it more interesting.
Yeah.
I mean, she grew it.
And my dad was.
She grew it.
That's all you need to know about that answer.
But she grew it and, and then my dad was like, yeah, he just was uncomfortable about the
whole thing.
Yeah.
I mean, we're in like the Bay Area and, you know, that, but I still say to anybody listening,
you know, with the whole normalization of shit, we got to catch up with this crap.
You fucking can't cook your weed and touch it with your hands.
Like that must be happening all over to moms.
I went to moms across the nation making their kids up their, their weed and giving me a big
ball of hash and I, and I, someone told me how to make butter out of it.
And so I made this, just like buttered the exact color of your jumpsuit, like it's really
khaki green.
It's really into the jumpsuit.
And, and it showed me how to make butter and I did, I did heat it.
I put it in the thing and, and I made, I made cookies out of it.
And I thought, I'm going to, I'm going to take a half a cookie, give it like a few hours.
Let's do the baseline control group thing and see if it, if it, yeah, I got, I got a
little high.
It was good.
I was waiting a check at the time and she came over and we were going to go out and
do something.
And I, I, I didn't, I forgot all about it that I'd taken it and I, I wasn't like tripping,
you know, like crazy.
And she's sitting on my couch and she's like, Jeff, Jeff, I kind of snap out of a trance
and I go, I go, I go, oh, oh, oh, oh, sorry, what, and she goes, are you okay?
I'm like, what's going on?
And she goes, you've been standing looking at the window for 10 minutes.
I was like, yeah, that tree.
I was there.
She's like, she's, she's sat there.
She's like, what is he doing?
I was like, oh, oh, yeah, I got high earlier.
So then I go, these are pretty good.
And I took two and went to, here's a bad idea.
Anybody see the movie Coraline?
Don't see it.
In 3D.
Bad idea.
Do not, do not see that on way too much edibles.
I was sitting with JJ.
I don't know if that movie never came out in 3D, 3D, 3D, 3D.
That was, that was a rare 2D only movie by Decree of a special dimensional commission.
I was with J.
Johnston and somebody else, maybe Mark Rivers, I don't know who it was.
And I was like, like so freaked out.
I was so paranoid, I couldn't breathe.
And I couldn't do the 3D thing because they were flying into my head.
Sure.
And it was, it was like, get out.
All the Coralines.
I was trying to defend my brain from all of these demons and monsters and shit coming
at me.
But if I took the glasses off, that's worse because now it's all blurry and fucked up.
So I just, and I didn't want to just sit there with my head in my hands, I want the
arc light right in the middle.
And it was, it's so dark in there.
And the arc light in Hollywood, I'm sure they all are, but the Hollywood burn is fucking
dark.
I went to Pasadena, I'm like fucking, I could see my popcorn bro.
It's like, film snobs go there, it's like a richer black, it's a higher quality black,
it brings out the silver and the nitrate behind the film.
Yeah, yeah.
No exit sign.
And so if I try to get up and walk at her, I'm going to fall over everybody and I'm going
to break my neck and make a fool of myself.
It's like, I'm not going to make it through this movie and I want to just sit there with
my head in my hands, but I was going to ruin the movie for my people next to me.
So I toughed it out and I don't remember anything about that movie except my own, just freak
out.
And we all went, we went our separate ways at the end, I think we all met there.
And like, I calmed down towards the end.
And the next day I called up those guys I was with and I said, hey, I don't know if
you noticed, I'm sorry, like I was fucking high and I was freaking out the whole movie
and they're like, dude, I was too.
All three of us were in the exact same boat.
We were afraid to like, if I would have known that we just talk about it to the left, to
the left.
And you guys were all like, man, of all the nights to roll with the Coraline intensive
crew.
Like you're like, shit, fuck, you're supposed to be totally intense about watching Coraline
in this group.
And you were all just high.
If you know where I live and you go through my trash can, when's trash day, Thursday?
Yeah, if you go through my trash can, there's drugs in there because I somebody gave me
these beautifully noted.
That's a great cold open to your next story.
Is that what that is?
Is that what that was?
Well, it's a paranoid thing to say, just as like a wizard panel right before it all know
where I live.
I know you're going through my fucking trash.
If you do it again tonight, I fucks my name is Jeff Davis.
Who am I?
Let's put it this way.
You go to my trash.
Well, there'll be drugs there.
Welcome to the show.
I like the hash browns and scrambled eggs and then and then you're like, anyways, the
A story this week is I lost my keys, but it's anyway, continue, please.
There's a guy, there's a guy that used to go to the drawing room and he he he's a let's
call him a drug dealer and get rid of this shame culture.
Yeah.
He deal.
He just be a drug dealer.
He brought drug flavored drugs and I'd paid him money for them and then he had money and
I had drugs and now some of them are in the trash can.
Stop calling yourself a friend that has drugs when your friends have money and want drugs.
You're a drug dealer, man.
Exactly.
Own it.
So he gave me he's given me a wide variety of like I like the more of the hallucinogenic
thing and so he gives me mushrooms sometimes and he gave me some acid once and I took it
too late and I fell asleep and don't sleep on acid.
That's the worst.
What happens when you sleep on a fucking incredible?
I fell asleep on the couch.
I watched cabaret, the movie.
It's great.
Like on acid.
On acid, it was fantastic but then I fell asleep on the couch.
Oh, cabaret on acid.
Fucking do it.
Ah, too demonic without the acid.
Is it an aversion?
Yeah.
It starts up as like I had to hit pause.
I'm like, I've seen this movie a hundred times.
I'm like, I'm going to watch cabaret on acid and Joe Gray's face pops up in the first
scene with a psh and his face was like this Ralph Steadham drawing.
It was fucking great.
Oh yeah.
So anyway, I fell asleep and I was still really going and you're inside this crazy
fireball of imagery that's inside your eyelids.
A champagne supernova?
You have to keep opening your eyes to get back to where's the plant?
Where's the TV?
Like plant me somewhere.
You're tripping with your eyes closed.
Half asleep.
Don't do it.
I don't recommend that.
And anyway, he came in one day and he goes, hey, I've got these things.
I know you like mushrooms.
He goes, I've got these.
They look like little dove chocolate bars, little tiny ones that are wrapped in the
red foil.
They're kind of square and rounded on the top.
They look exactly like that, like professional wrapping dove chocolates.
And he goes, these are mushroom and a little marijuana.
I'm like, OK, that sounds pretty groovy.
Where's the medicine that counteracts the...
Steve, bring the ice and such.
OK, now continue.
Vodka, please.
Just a little advertisement there.
I got you.
No, yeah, yeah.
With the umlauts.
Pop I Need to Spin It, baby.
You gotta fucking have that fucking.
This show is tragically brought to you by alcohol.
Kettle one.
Hello, Steve Levy.
Steve Levy, everybody.
Steve Levy.
Steve Levy is in episode three of Dope State.
Check out Steve Levy in a very tight turtleneck, looking like...
How are we supposed to see your show?
Let's sponsor your story with his show.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
How are we supposed to see it?
Pluto TV.
Pluto TV, you can get the app, or you can go to Pluto.tv, but get the app and go to
Channel 420 every Friday for the next five weeks.
Every Friday at 420, you can see a new episode of Dope State.
And then at the end of that, it'll be on all the VOD ports and such.
Hell yeah.
And our promos will be Jeff Davis singing Cabaret.
What good is staying alone in your room?
That's the finale.
That's not the beginning.
Were you tripping out when all the little blonde Nazi boys were walking in a line in
the movie?
Yeah.
Tomato belongs to me, but that's fucking good.
I've never seen Cabaret, because if I wanted to take acid, I'd take acid.
I see the commercials for it, and he's like, maybe Envenu.
And I'm like, no, I won't do it.
I'm already scared of life.
My parents took me...
I saw that with Joel Gray at the Music Center.
He goes to see his own shows?
No, no.
I went to go see...
Wow.
With my parents.
I was six or seven years old.
We went to go to see everything, big plays that came to LA.
I was sitting there seven years old, six years old, and it's about Nazis and lesbians and
abortions.
I remember looking at my parents, like, this really isn't for me.
I didn't know what any of it meant, but I remember thinking the people sitting near
me, they're going to be like, there's a kid right here.
And the way home, I'm in the car...
It was a song about Monge Toie, and my parents were just laughing.
I remember that.
I had no idea what it was.
So anyway, the guy comes in with these chocolates.
And I buy the chocolates and I take the chocolate and I thought...
Oh, I didn't like it, because the mushroom thing happens, but then the weed comes in.
The edible thing came in.
But you were on acid and tea?
No, no, no.
This is different.
Okay, different time.
Different thing.
It's not a good story.
I tried them twice, and I didn't like them, because the weed part, unlike you, weed fucks
me up.
I get way too affected by marijuana.
I smoke my fair share of weed, and I can get down, but I...
You're still cool?
Yeah, I'm still cool.
You still got it?
I don't want to be distracted by this for the rest of the night, but I can help you with
that story.
I'm kind of like a Hollywood script doctor.
Whoa.
But if you want to...
No, no, no, no.
If you want to meet about it, if you want to put something together, like I'm between
projects, I've failed at all the other ones, and so...
Okay, this is Dan Harmon, punches up Jeff's edible story.
Oh, I just want to put my hat in the ring.
Oh.
All right.
Well, look, I want to work with you on finding the...
Okay.
Why don't we all kind of bang it out together right now?
Yeah.
Okay.
So you...
And were you finished?
Because I didn't want to...
I'm not going to interrupt the flow now.
No, no, no.
And the unspoken part of that is, unlike you, Dan, I'm not a flow.
I'm not a flow interrupter.
Damn.
Or are you telling me that I'm somehow able to reverse project shaming?
Because then I think I'd be a superhero if I could take anything that you said and turn
it into me feeling bad about myself.
I mean, I'd be out there fighting crime right now because who wouldn't want that power?
Reverse projecting shame?
I can turn... I could find shame in... I've never thought about trying to use it for good.
I will find shame in anything.
Okay.
It's not a challenge.
This area of rug beneath your feet.
It reminds me of the fact that I don't know enough about carpet and that the last time
I was in like an Ikea, I saw like a rack of rugs and I was like, maybe I need a rug.
And then I was like, I don't know anything about rugs and kind of ran away from the...
And I was like 25 and I was in an Ikea.
That's a time to just grab a rug, man.
Like I fucking missed my life because I didn't want to buy a rug wrong.
That's fucking sick.
What about when my mother told me that I was the only person that mattered to her and she
was coming out of a drug trip and we got through it together and we sang and cried together.
Oh, you wanted my shame in that?
I thought you were... I was like...
You looked at me like...
I know.
I thought you were going to share your... And then my mom turned to me and said, I really
wish that you had pursued architecture and you walked out into the front lawn and you
heard a single gunshot and a church bell.
There wasn't even a church.
Did I ever say on stage, I think I did say it, just the heart of man, we're like the
community writer's room, they remember the episode where Abed takes the class taught
by the guy who's going to teach you who was the boss.
And I think I'm not... I know I've said this publicly before, but probably not a lot.
But we had so much... Abed finishes with the guy, he beats him, he figures out who the
boss was and he walks out of the class having bested his teacher and we really wanted to
have him walking across the quad and you hear bells, but then you also just hear this single
gunshot.
There's a shot of Stephen Toblowski in the episode, so I have receipts for this because
there's a shot of him opening a drawer and looking at what was really happening.
We switched that out.
That was me and Chris McKenna going like, well, we got to put something in the drawer.
It was going to be a gun.
And I think there's a gun in the drawer.
I think there is a gun, but it's a joke because he pushes it and then finds the book or something.
Okay, okay, he pushes the gun at it. Boy, that wouldn't even fly today.
Guns aren't even funny, it's like it wouldn't even be...
I think it would have been awesome.
But anyway, we were really struggling with that.
You can't... I pitched it and everyone was like, you got to do that with having Abed
walk across the quad and you just hear a single gunshot.
The important thing is Abed doesn't turn his head.
He stops and pauses and then keeps walking.
Doesn't that happen though?
I could be like, there's no gunshot, but doesn't he...
I thought maybe I'm just misremembering, but I thought he does like there's a time where
he's walking and then he stops, but there's just...
You don't hear a gunshot.
Maybe we shot it and we just didn't do the gunshot.
Yeah, I can't remember.
Oh my God. Damn.
Yeah, that's...
Yeah, my mother shot herself that night.
All right.
I'm sorry.
Sorry about that.
You know...
How can I turn that into shame?
I mean, I don't have a healthy relationship with my mother.
That's easy.
Like, oh, how can you take this beautiful thing and turn it into shame?
That's a fucking...
You turn it upside down.
Sure.
How do you make this smile unhappy?
Like, by being a fucking barbarian of shame, by using brute happiness inversion.
Very simple.
Oh, you were happy?
Well, I should have been.
Done.
Oh, that rainbow's pretty.
I'm not.
That's shame 101.
Like, I mean, fucking...
I want to say challenge me, but I'm afraid you'll challenge me and I'll look like a
horrible person because I should look like that.
I'm a monster.
Okay.
What about the moon landing?
I feel bad that the podcast isn't about going to the moon anymore.
Nice.
Wow.
Master.
I didn't realize I threw you a lob on that one.
We had something go in there and you did what you always do, Daniel.
We did that for like...
Fucked it up, yeah.
You can't just leave well enough alone.
You got to overthink.
You got to change.
You got to evolve.
You're just like, you're a moving target with a gun to your head.
No one cares.
Stop moving.
Or put the gun down.
So Gabe, what streaming media do you think that...
With no more Nielsen's, like, how will we reach the youth?
Oh, wait, I do have a point about that.
Whoa.
The service that we're on, does anybody here have Pluto TV?
Pluto TV.
All right.
There we go.
One guy.
One guy who may be lying.
He's got...
No offense.
If he is...
Well, anyways, continue.
Please don't.
I don't...
If you're in Los Angeles or New York and you're listening to this right now, they're
doing this huge press push port of just ads everywhere and it's free TV and it's the next
generation of entertainment and you go on it and it looks just like cable, right?
You scan through and it's got commercials and so it's like, oh, that's the system is
like commercials.
It's free TV because you've got commercials.
So I think that's the next step is like just cycling back to where we were.
We used to call that TV.
Right.
It's like cycling back, yeah, to...
Yeah, yeah.
Well, it would only be like the old days of the media providers somehow merged until
there were only three of them.
That's never going to happen because the internet...
Is it all original content or is that good?
No, it's like a good mix.
You can watch like America's Most Wanted and then you can go see like an NUR2 film.
They've got like a pretty interesting...
They got like a pretty interesting layer of things and channels are like, you know, weed
or slow motion or like animals or whatever.
Like it's more like thematically like...
Slow motion?
Yeah, there's a slow...
It's called slow.
Like so like kind of satisfying kind of videos or...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's awesome.
I don't work for this company.
I could have pitched that way better if I...
If you look, I mean, now I either want to watch it or I'm never going to...
I want to watch it.
The stakes got really high.
You were like...
The commercials are slow.
You were painted in a corner there on your advocacy of slow.
It just seems cool.
I don't know.
No, it's cool.
And they got supermarket sweepstakes.
That's good.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah, yeah.
They got good stuff.
Oh, so yes.
See, I went a trip to Rome with Matt Gurley on Shop to Your Drop and everyone confuses
it with supermarket sweep.
I'm like, no.
No, yeah.
Yeah, they do.
She's livid.
What are you guessing about?
She's excited.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Well, you're going to love Dope State.
It's nothing like either one of them.
It was shot 20 years later.
He had both of her hands on there freaking out about Shop to Your Drop and Supermarket
Sweep.
Yeah, you were...
I mean, you hit her...
It was like a one, two, two.
I heard her in David.
She went, yes.
And then that was like a step up.
And then it was like...
I got it.
I mean, I got it when you said after... Yes, and they're just like, yes.
Right.
Like, why is he talking about both of them?
Because, I mean, it makes sense that you'd maybe be a connoisseur, right, of like shopping...
They ran back to the back so you'd watch the whole hour, right?
Yeah, yeah.
Me and my friend...
I'm going to interview you.
I'm like, what's your...
What do you like so much about shopping carts?
What's...
What drugs do your mom do?
What is your mom...
Bring up on stage.
Come up on stage, shopping person.
If you'd like to come up, you can, but you don't have to if you don't want to.
Danielle, everybody.
Danielle, have a seat.
Oh, God.
You don't have to stay up here, Danielle.
I just thought it'd be funny.
Jeff Leans toured bringing people up.
He's like, he knows it can lead to magic.
What show brought you here that you spent two years of your life making?
How did you earn your way to this...
How did you earn your way to this stage?
Oh.
I hate...
Listen, I work...
We all get jealous.
I actually work for a supermarket, so both of the shows...
Whoa.
Do you sweep?
I sweep so hard.
Hell yeah.
What's your title at the supermarket?
If I can ask.
I'm a human resource manager.
Whoa.
You're in charge of all the employees, whether they have...
It's HR.
It's human resources.
Yeah.
They have complaints.
Oh, I hate it.
Do you have to come down on them, though, if they're not working hard enough, or do you
just...
Yeah, you're who they send in when they get fired, right?
You're the fire person?
Yeah.
I'm the hiring and firing person.
So I hire them and then fire them.
How do you fire someone without sucking your thumb and throwing a tantrum and...
The store manager actually does this, so I just sit there and just yes him.
Do you just make sure he says it like that?
Yeah.
This guy knows.
Make sure he's PC about it.
When they fire someone at this establishment, is there a ritual to it?
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
You have to make sure it's legit reason.
Right, because they could sue, right?
Yes.
Oh yeah.
There's that...
Good point, Jeff.
It's horrible.
I don't know where I'm looking.
Sorry.
No, no, no.
People do that all the time.
They accept it as a dynamic of the stage.
It's no one's fault.
I'm just hearing things.
No, you're doing great.
You're doing great.
But it's got to be like by the...
Like I was fired from Baskin Robbins, Togo's Baskin Robbins because I was taking too many
samples for myself, so I stole ice cream or whatever.
Yes.
And so, like, does it ever feel like you're being pushed to like put someone in a box?
Like, oh, they're not allowed to do this specific thing, so they were like doing it?
Like, you know, it has to be by the book, right?
Do you ever like put people in that book?
No, no, no, no.
I mean, why would you admit to that?
I suppose.
Yeah.
You know what I find interesting though?
Because like Sony would send a lawyer every year on a Sony show.
They send a lawyer to like give you a talk about like what's constitutional and what's
not and stuff.
But it's weird because it's coming from their perspective because it's like about what's
going to protect them because you don't sue any higher than them.
So if someone sues me and then they...
But there's not...
It's not worth it, blah, blah, blah.
So Sony has this vested interest in like explaining when it's okay to fire someone and when it's
not, what I find fascinating is like of course you can't fire someone because of this whole
list of constitutionally protected attributes, but you can fire someone because you don't
like the look of their face.
You just have to specify, right?
You just have to be like, yeah, I don't like them.
I don't like their personality.
Isn't that true?
Like you don't need like a good reason to fire someone.
There's just like a category of reasons that are illegal.
We only fire someone if they're stealing or stealing.
That's it?
That's the two things?
So if somebody's fucking on the apples, they're stealing hygiene.
If a customer complains enough, we have to let them go.
So Dan's incorrect.
You can't fire someone because you don't like the look of their face, which is based on
what?
So where did you get that idea that that's a thing?
I thought that was the message I got from Sony told you that?
Yeah.
Because they walk you through these scenarios where they're like, so-and-so wants to fire
so-and-so, but it was sort of like, they didn't say, here's what you say if you want to fire
them, but they're kind of like, is this guy firing her for, you know, I was like, why
are there genders known?
There's no women at this meeting about how to fire women.
Is weed one of the things that you can fire people from if they smoke weed?
So we can't accuse someone of being intoxicated or high, but if we smell them, we can be like,
hey, if they admit to it, then we can fire them.
Oh, I dodged a bullet.
No, but technically.
Technically bearded man with a hat.
Getting mad about the weed.
If you, if the same thing as being intoxicated at work, if you are high or intoxicated and
you admit to it, then we can fire you.
Do you ever, do you ever like, hey, be real with me?
No.
You know?
I'm like, listen.
Listen, David.
I'll take my HR hat off and then they're like, yeah, I did a J in the parking lot.
Just to be cool and you're like, well, two things you need to know.
That's not cool.
And the hat's always on.
You're out of here fucking pot face with your head.
I don't know your drug terms.
Danielle, so if someone comes in, their eyes are glassy and red and they smell like weed
and you go, excuse me, are you intoxicated on the marijuana's and they go, no, man.
I can't do nothing.
I can't do anything.
Really?
That's awesome.
I love that.
So I'm here for a job at a children's museum exhibit with Sean McKenna.
I don't think I've ever told this story.
Oh, shit.
That's why I'm excited.
Because I'm like, wow, that's one I don't think I've ever told because I'm so deeply
ashamed of it that I went with, you know, I'm doing improv troops and I'm just like
living the life of like, I use most of my paycheck to buy weed and then to buy gas to
get to do more shows and I'm just kind of living the fucking pre-panic attack life.
It's great.
Do you have it?
Hurry up and remember why you interrupted everyone and tell your fucking thing.
My buddy, Sean, was like, I mean, that was, I was his roommate.
I lived in his attic when I was at the peak of that phase and I was like, he and I were
like in the kind of category of like, well, you can have lots of shows because you're
the only ones guaranteed to be home when we call, like everyone else is like trying to
be an adult.
So like you guys are like really dedicated to improv and in Eric what's meaning you're
like you fucking on the couch straight up and like, I think that he and I never talked
about it, but afterward, because I think we both really didn't, we didn't want to face
this, but like we, I remember we got this opportunity through some mutual friends of
ours.
So they're like, hey, they're adding this thing at the museum and the children's wing,
like they want to do these like fucking what's his name, boat to Bill Nye kind of things
like based on the popularity at that time of like, hey, science is cool and they want
to add like live shows and do like a Beekman thing or something at this thing.
And it was like, oh, this will be cool and they're having open auditions and me and Sean
went in.
And we talked about it for a while and we were like, well, let's do this and that.
We came up with an audition and we went in and we're like, boy, this, I was thinking
in my head like, like, you never know, you never know which of these little stepping
stones is going to be the thing you look back on you go, well, I used to just play Resident
Evil.
And then like all of a sudden I bought my first tie and that you don't know what's, what's
that, what's that thing that's going to happen.
And it just felt like it might be one of those, which makes me sound square because it makes
me sound like my ambition was to get a tie and a business man like grow up.
And I remember like, we did our thing and the, there were like four people in this like
auditorium watching and I knew three of them because they're, it's like, yeah, but this
is like, it's Milwaukee and, but this is how you move forward and it's like, I'm ready.
Let's do this.
And like, like, here's what I do.
It's just like, it's an audition.
There will be a script like this is our style and Sean and I played off each other and we,
all right.
Well, thank you.
All right.
See you later.
We went home like a day later.
One of the people that worked at the museum was like, hey, you guys, like, your audition
was great.
Like they loved you guys.
That was amazing.
I think you guys are so funny.
You reeked so bad of marijuana and booze, like, like it was just coming off of you.
There was just a cloud of pot and booze around you everywhere you went and everyone was
like, could smell it and was all like, how hilarious is this that they're auditioning
to teach children science and they smell like a fucking child ruin her.
And I remember Sean and I like both just laughing about it going like, I guess we did smell
like weed and that's why the system's not ready for us.
But I can't speak for him, but I died a little inside.
I was like, you, that was probably your last chance ever to do anything with your life.
All right.
Anyways, so how, all right, well, I have a question for Daniel.
Okay.
So you're in the room for these firings.
Like, how ugly has it gotten to do people like throw stuff and freak out and people
usually just admit to it and they're like, all right, see you later.
Stealing.
They admit to stealing.
They're like, yeah, I did it or even don't they understand that's what you want them
to do so you can get the power to fire them.
Yeah.
And they don't, they don't understand the concept of like, if you admit to it, you can't
claim unemployment or do anything because you admitted to it.
So I always get the emails from the lawyers being like, Hey, why'd you fire this person?
Like they admitted to stealing or they admitted to being drunk or high and they don't get
like, I don't understand why I didn't get unemployment because you admitted to just
doing all these wrong things.
Are you saying I could have gotten employment from my Togo's Baskin Robbins or not?
Man.
Yes.
Only if you were a liar.
Man.
You needed to be a more dishonest person in the fiber of your being.
If you ever get called in, just deny everything and I'm best friends with my loss prevention
guy.
So he always tells me like, if you ever get caught, just deny it.
Damn.
I feel like I'm going to be able to work with you to steal some TVs pretty soon.
Let's go.
They give you a physicals for insurance.
When you're going to be involved in a TV production and everyone is like, don't tell
them the truth.
Everyone's like, they're like, it's not, I know you get the story about it.
It's like they're mad at you if you tell the truth.
You're going to cause everybody a bunch of trouble.
I think that's why I never worked for that company again.
Like I think I had a black mark on me for just saying, you mean to tell me, like look
at our cast, nobody here has ever smoked a joint.
No one here, like come on now.
It is crazy to me.
Well, that's their society.
So they just like bald face lies, what everyone knows you're lying, that just works now.
It's fine.
You didn't know you're supposed to lie?
That is really crazy to me.
Maybe I've talked about this.
When I was a big shoplifter in my college, I used to steal anything just for no reason
and I stole books a lot from Barnes & Noble or another company.
It could have been any company.
Walden Books.
I just forget.
It was Borders.
Because Borders was around when I was in college and no, it wasn't.
At any rate, a friend of mine used to work there and he said, if you steal anything,
even if they think or know that you're walking out of the store with something, we are not
allowed to follow you.
Yeah, they could call the cops and the cops don't know who you are, you're just gone.
Yeah, and the cops don't care.
Wait, you say that again.
You could pick up a stack of books off the shelf and go, taking these and walk out of
the store.
They are not allowed to come out and get you.
They can't touch you either.
It's true.
You're kidding.
This is almost the opposite of what I was thinking would be the case, that they can't do anything
to you in the store and they have to wait for you to leave at which point they'll tackle
you.
I bet I learned that from a fucking movie.
They used to terrorize students.
So once you leave the store, lost prevention go out and confront you and if you say, no,
they can't touch you, they can't make you come back in the store and that's it.
You can be like, okay, I'm calling the cops and they're like, all right, see you later.
That's it.
They can't do anything.
I used to, I went through a shoplifting phase when I was like 22 and I got really into going
to the Gelsons in Tarzana and I would walk in and I would go to the little cookie area,
like the cookies and treats, right?
I'd buy a nice tea so I bought something and then I'd go and get baguettes and sushi and
butternut squash soup and I'd put it in the bag and I'd come sit with these old war veterans
that used to hang out at the Gelsons in Tarzana at lunch and I was getting off on something,
making up stories.
I told them my name was something else and I would sit there and eat and...
My name is Jean-Claude.
Yeah, I was just lost in the valley and needed something in my day to do that.
And one time they brought, and I did it for like a couple of weeks and it became like
a thing and then Gelsons got an undercover guy and I was sitting there eating my sushi
and cops rolled up on me and arrested me in front of my war veteran friends who were like,
they picked me up and they're like, what did young Dylan do?
He served this country.
It was because I stole over $30 worth of stuff so it was an arrestable offense and they like
hauled me away to the Van Nuys jail, which is like one of the worst.
Oh no.
It was awful.
And I was in the cop car and I was being a little dick that the cop was like, so why
did you do this?
I was like, well, you know, I thought it'd be interesting to, you know, I'm writing something
right now where somebody gets arrested and, you know, I'd be interested for...
Just playing that cop angle.
Like, you know the cop's gonna fucking love it.
Oh, I got a Hollywood guy in the back seat.
I love those.
That's why I became a cop.
He drops me off at Van Nuys jail and immediately I understood what the repercussions are.
Like, I thought, even they didn't tell me I was going to jail.
They thought, I thought I was going to get like booked at the thing and they'd write
me a thing and he drops me off at the jail and the last thing, I turn back to him and
he's like, good luck with that little research project there, buddy.
And I'm like, does a finger get up and pass me, right in the leg and I go down and pull
a tourniquet together.
But it was there.
They dropped me off on a Friday.
So I'm in there and the lady at the thing is, she's like, so what, you know, and I'm
like, how long am I gonna be here?
She was like, well, it's Friday at the end of the day, so Saturday, Sunday, Monday's
Martin Luther King day.
So yeah, around like probably Tuesday, Wednesday.
And I think I started crying and then they somehow got me out.
Wait, what?
Yeah.
What in the privilege?
I mean, we now got to just say it exactly what the lady said to me.
She walked by me.
I was standing at the blast, just TV and they're like sports and shit, which for my little
queer heart was like, you know, and and and she was the lady walked by.
She was like, you don't look like you belong here and she's like, what's your deal?
I was like, I stole a baguette with a butternut squash with a lovely hint of lemon fresh and
I don't know why I'm here and and they let and they and they let me out and I stole
the I stole the jail pants and that was the last thing I ever stole.
Now my mom's a drug dealer.
I want to I want to bookend that with my mom does not want people to know that she was
doing it was like nobody tell Gabe's mom okay.
I'm trying to make no one find Gabe's okay.
You know it's like it's fucking like Marin County like I don't think there could be anything
wrong.
Like everybody's growing it.
All right.
I'm okay.
Marin County is like I used to go into a soup plantation and you guys are going to a soup
plantation.
I love it.
She had supermarket sweep energy about it.
Bring them up.
Yeah.
Come on.
Get out of here.
All right.
This is the exuberant hour.
What's your name?
Oh.
Oh God.
It's Nova.
Nova's back everybody.
Soup plantation.
I forgot Nova.
I love a soup plantation when you go into a soup plantation if you're not hip to the
jive you walk in you it starts with a salad bar then at the end of that salad bar you
bring your tray and your plate up to a cash register and then beyond the cash register
after you've paid it's hot items it's also it's hot stuff and cookies and brownies and
soups and plantations and yes you can grow some cotton.
I didn't know that you can go back to get more salad after you've sat down and stuff.
Yeah.
You go back to the salad.
You have your receipt and run out.
So I was broke.
I was in college.
I was still in my shoplifting stealing days and like I went to USC and stole just everything
and from the from the commissary there what do you call it the place with the food and
what I would do is I'd walk in without a plate I would walk past the cash register as I didn't
have a plate and I would just say I just kind of look like I just kind of do like a point
like I'm meeting a friend or whatever like I'm not eating I'm just coming in to sit with
a pal or whatever and they didn't if you if you didn't have the iconic tray with the salad
on it they didn't care about you.
So I would just go in there and I would find a table that somebody had left and there were
still plates on and I would just sit there and read and then after five minutes I looked
like the guy they come over and they close the thing and they go hey was that iced tea
I go yeah but I've had an iced tea let's get some water and they go okay yeah get a new
plate walk I'll clear these for you.
Slowly merge into the endless cycle that is the soup plantation lifestyle.
And so then I would go up there and eat like crazy and then I would get started they go
do you want anything to go but we just made a fresh batch of pizzas I mean yeah and then
they'd wrap up pizza and foil so I would go there two three times a week and I kept doing
it and once you get past the cash register all the servers and bus people and the people
that are serving the food and whatnot they they don't care they assume that you paid
because you wouldn't be able to be there.
I went there so often they knew my name and they would like hey Jeff what's up man we
just made a batch of brownies but we already wrapped them up for you.
It's like it's like a fucking Tom Hanks movie for like the early thousands.
A social engineered plantation like you're just stuck there because you don't have a
green card.
You help deliver a baby at one point.
I actually I stopped going because I felt bad because they liked me there I didn't I
didn't want them to be friends.
Yeah it ends up like the CIA's got soup plantations surrounded and then but then every waiter
like gives you the punches your soup card.
The only time I got caught stealing and I stole a lot was at our supermarket I was at
a Ralph's and I stole we were going to the beach and I stole like a two dollar thing
of like a little pack of salami and cheese and I just did a little turn around and tuck
it in my shorts like I always did and a hand grabs me and it's just a dude that was shopping
there and he goes I saw you do that and he drags me he gets oh no he he he doesn't grab
me by the arm yet he goes and comes with the manager at me and I'm apprehended and they
go we saw you steal that I'm like what they dragged me off to the back room to the office
and I'm just like shorts and a you know t-shirt and sandals or whatever like we're all going
to the beach.
I believe I had dreadlocks at this time.
Hell yeah.
Yeah because I was fucking awesome.
Can't get this bunch.
Is that a real thing?
Did you have dreadlocks?
Oh yeah.
I want to play you in a show that sounds hilarious.
So yeah so I was a good kid I get good grades.
So I'm sitting in the manager's office and the cop he's an off-duty cop the guy.
I thought he was just some vigilante guy he's an off-duty oh what are you a PD officer and
he is fucking furious it's Saturday afternoon he's got nothing to do except harangue me
and he's like you're going down to the fucking station buddy like I saw you do that and I'm
looking I'm sitting there I got a cop yelling at me and the manager is like okay yeah we
got it we got to do something about this and there's the little thing of two dollar salami
and cheese on the desk and I'm like fuck and the guy's yelling at me and I said like we're
going to arrest you for this and I said here's the thing officer fuckface I didn't take
that I said I didn't leave the store there's no crime has been committed you're allowed
to put salami in your pocket I said I'm not aware of the law on the book that says I can't
put your salami and cheese down my shorts I said it's gross and I shouldn't do that just
to be a nice person but I haven't if you waited until I'd walked out with it then you have
a thing and he goes and he goes show me your idea and he goes how much money do you have
on you so I don't have any money he goes well then that's burglary you came in without the
intent to pay and you put it and I said no I didn't commit a crime I haven't left the
store that was a weird fucking that burglary thing was hummingbird like in its beak shape
it was like did they improvise that I was I knew a lot of the shoplifting kind of no
but that was their counter right they said you don't have any money yeah and so you're
burglary I said if you want to arrest me and since you're off duty it's a Saturday afternoon
and I don't think you're going to get any of your buddies to come down here and pick
a 17 year old for two dollars of salami and cheese in his shorts I said call get him on
the phone and see if you can get someone down here right now and the guys like whoa we were
there for a long time until he goes my friends are waiting in the parking lot have no idea
what's going on and he goes well we got to call your dad then we got to call your parents
uh let's call your mom said my mom passed away oh oh yeah no it was a fucking street fight at this
point and uh he's gonna if look you punched him into a trash can it has a lid they work like
frisbees his hands are tied yeah so we'll call your dad then my dad wasn't working my dad would
not have been fucking happy about this obviously that was their counter then we'll call your dad
yeah I said I said my dad's at work he goes uh word is he work and I said I told him the name
no I didn't tell him the name of the place I said he was what's the phone number and I made up a
phone number and just pray to god this is back in the days like we're not everybody had an
answering machine and not everybody had you know there's no cell phones and ship phones weren't
people yeah exactly they were devices that were left at home yeah and if you went out for a haircut
you might miss a job yeah and so they called the number thank god nobody answers and he goes we
got we we got a release you to somebody I said well you could call my brother but I'm not giving
you his number and they're like why because he's Dracula I said yeah and you're like I could have
done that at any time but I said I said no my brother fucking will he'll he will beat the
shit out of me in front of you like I said my brother will kick the ever-loving shit out of me
if I'm not a guy they take me to fucking jail and I'm not doing that and and he's like he's like
oh the cop fucking fell for it my brother and I love each other that he's like oh give us a
number and so we called it bill was at home and then and he goes we got your brother here he got
he got caught stealing at Ralph's on a beach Boulevard and so my brother comes in and he's a
little myth that he was Saturday he had his own stuff to do and he comes and he sees me sitting
there in my shorts and there's a little thing of salami and cheese in the desk and he goes
is that what I think he takes well he takes the whole the whole tableau and and and and and I get
up and I go hey man and he goes you fucking asshole and we just fucking laugh and we hug and we
walk I go bye guys nice you were you were 17 did you say I thought I heard 16 or 17 okay let's
make it 16 you're a hero okay guys if you're 23 I was 23 all I thought to tell him was I was a
writer kind of I stopped stealing when I was 18 I didn't know a 17 year old could could muster a
dreadlock how do you lock them I was I was always in like I was a bodyboarder and saw the salt water
and the sand gets in your hair and your hair just gets natty and like it just starts getting knotted
is there any cultivation at all to it or is it well I have the process of energy so I was I
twist my hair when it gets long and so that just kind of compounded I posted a photo of my my my
senior your ID and I have kind of shitty dreadlocks in my face I almost had dreadlocks from like not
washing it when I was in the Dominican Republic when I was like a kid you got very thick hair
yeah it's really thick and it was long so it just it started dreading up and my mom was really mad
yeah she had to comb it all right we're doing Game of Thrones predictions and we're and everyone's
making one oh shit um I gotta get it on the record in case I'm right it's worth it if I'm wrong
who cares but like some I just keep going like come on I'm so convinced in all of my predictions
that I don't want to give any of them because they're spoilers it seems like everybody feels
like there's absolutely no way Lord Tarly on the on the on the throne I'm like you mean the fat
writer character that just has everything go his way because his dad was wrong when he said
you should be less fat and you should like writing less you don't think that you have you
noticed that fucking foot pedal jamming during the fucking jazz club I was like by the way
there's a fat writer and he gets fucking everything he wants and he's always right I think the
finale of Game of Thrones is to be Lord Tarly like fucking mushing his ass like around like Megan
and he's gonna like he's gonna like look at the camera and be like told you like like fucking
happy birthday fucking bullies yeah but the Game of Thrones is gonna be put back in the new
library what do they call that the the new library Citadel is it the Citadel it's gonna have an
office at the Citadel with the throne the sword throne yeah I mean that was my only prediction
I just it's one of those things where if people are like oh he'd never do that like but if he
and also I guess he's different from the Game of Thrones writers too because they're two the last
two seasons are them just making their own show right yeah hey Dan thanks for addressing Game of
Thrones in your last episode I haven't been able to find a podcast that wanted to talk about Game
of Thrones also social media has been a real Game of Thrones info desert um it's great that someone
who hasn't watched any episodes this season could create an oasis for me to uh quench my thirst
it's good seriously Game of Thrones fans 69 I haven't seen it I would guess hand of the king
for him oh yeah that's my guess isn't it all just though going to be you know it's all the the
first two were happy right I mean pretty much the first two these first two was like catch ups
these first two they were like television to me the last one was pretty pretty gloomy everybody
was like getting ready to die oh yeah and they were and they were and then and she got the thing
and people were posting things of like crying like she's a knight one of the Rick and Morty
writers pointed out that because I haven't seen the episodes but they're getting together and
they're telling a lot of stories and gathering yeah and like the the overall message is like
listen when this much shit happens like you got to look back and just be like god damn no
matter how it turns out fuck this was amazing but good like you can't fucking get swept up in the
in the in whatever happens next you got to fucking also remember we moved the needle bitch
it was a real wild ride baby because I liked it like someone does a monologue about storytelling
I think it's fat writer isn't it it was like stories yeah you know that's the fucking thing
like history yeah I don't remember that I definitely remember the thing thinking like wow
this girl was like seven when we met her and now she's doing this that was that was weird
14 same thing you clocked it huh he's like four more years up on the dial another one fictional
fictional countdown clock all right it's it's it's so much more perverse the fanfic countdown clock
I can't wait till the third dragon age when she has acquired the spell casting mana to control
that stormtrooper oh yeah um wait you don't you know you're not caught up I'm not caught up this
season I haven't watched this season I haven't watched these two episodes no okay well I mean
you wanted to venture into this conversation even I just wanted to say this is my entirely
theory out there just in case because I just like I feel like there's a five percent chance I'm
fucking nailing it that it's and I know he's definitely gonna be good like well he's gonna
be like winning whatever he's doing because it's like yeah he's like the author's insert character
yeah I think he's gonna be king and then he's gonna like he's gonna sit and then he's gonna like
eat put his thumb in his mouth halfway you know I think you do like um I think you put I think you
make it brand and you put wheels on the on the throne whoa he's sitting down anyway big wheels
made out of swords it's Danielle right yeah a Game of Thrones fan at all predictions anything get
anything off your chest you haven't had a chance to talk about Game of Thrones on this show for
six years so anything you want to say the Starks are just gonna rule all okay the Starks there you go
I don't I don't that's not my prediction but I like it all right no I can't I really think
that it's spoiling so far yeah let's fight I love attacking people well what's your concern with
giving us your prediction like I truly think a lot of them are right like and so it acts as well
tell us like it'll be like a bedding pool we'll get like brackets and stuff like that I don't want
it I don't know I mean we me and my roommate my roommate actually I'm taking my roommate's credit
Callie but you know she and me worked a lot of this out and we definitely called Gendry before
the season starting called what called Gendry and Ariad stuff and then that happened and it was great
and also all the other predictions they're starting to get seeded in these two episodes and I was
like yeah they're seeding these exact games really well tell us your prediction which one well who's
on the throne at the end Tyrion okay yeah that's what I would say yeah that's what I was going to
go seems a little on the nose it is on the nose it's not I mean the fat writer all that's the
thing but but that's it when you look at all the sign if everything's broadcast so clearly and it's
almost too obvious it's so right it will be the hands probably right that's what I said yeah okay
yeah gotcha so there's one at the end John Snow knows something I miss her yeah they're
married in real life apparently oh it's awesome that's like bad wow what a what a different
podcast we're capable of I missed it I missed a dire wolf they had one shot in this last episode
of the wolf kind of peeking his nose in the frame yeah get these motherfuckers back in action
that was a cheapo that was a cheapo way of having a yeah yeah yeah that yeah that last episode was
like like a clip it was just like a big reunion show everybody comes out it's like I thought the
dragons looked really cheap I was that like a big thing on the internet that the I thought the
first dragon flight the like the fern golly last rainforest sequence was like was I don't know it
just looked really flat maybe they rushed it or something I thought it was a bit much when like
they start fucking in the dragons like giving a thumbs up I think I think I made that joke last
week oh yeah yeah I wasn't I didn't know if that was a joke or not I it's it's both it really
happened what are we gonna be into next now the Game of Thrones is ending and no disrespect but
at some point Marvel has to collapse like like as a genre though are we are we gonna get into
film noir are we gonna get are we gonna just go into a 10-year period of stories about
alcoholics that solve mysteries and shouldn't like be problematic with the girl that comes in
the door because we're just like anything super and I'm out I think the future is definitely
multi-character mockumentary shows on streaming services you know like if they're you know taking
on popular subcultures that you know ignite conversation amongst people but all these
apps I have to install there too many to remember no it's easy and free just one click that's you
it's channel 420 it's an easy channel to remember because it's Hitler's birthday right channel 420
don't jeff it's Columbine channel channel 420 does that really you're really insensitive wow
speaking of which uh so what a comedic plug for the show that was great asperger detective
ryan kraus uh just did his Columbine episode on his uh he did it on 420 and uh like what was
that five-hour episode yeah I haven't listened but Spencer's been in touch with him oh yeah dm'd with
him on twitter he's slid into your dm's slid into my dm's was he thirsty he was thirsty yeah I was
sending him some dick pics did you slide into his thirsty fam's I slided it into his thirsty fam's
yeah yeah but you have some you have some interesting things to report one is that he's not offended
by the way we've been speaking right he or at least he said that that was a really nice yeah
he seemed really into it he uh he said he's got well no I don't want to tell his secrets but uh
but uh he's he seems like a cool guy I don't know he's gonna come on the show right he's gonna come
on the show sweet we'll talk to him man whoa I've been going through personal growth thanks to him
he has a lot of things about redirection of light it's mind blowing I want to make a super cut of
all the things he said that blew my mind because it's really life changing for me spends how many
days into your antipot uh what I didn't mean that to be crusade yeah or just like reading yourself
of that um uh well I smoked on 420 but before that it would be in a week off and before that
it had been almost a week off almost a week off yeah so it's I'm pretty low for the past two weeks
in terms of weed I'm having dreams again it's crazy yeah I had a dream where like there was a demon
girl possessing me and we were like arguing over who got to use my arms see that's a good dream yeah
I have trippy dreams I had a dream that I had to make I want you this awesome party and it was
like a big like like after party of some big rock concert and for some reason I had to make
a hundred people breakfast whoa it was this big stress dream I'm like I had a fucking hundred
people make my way how do you time it out how do you time out the egg it's a one kitchen I only got
four burners okay wait on dreams wait I just have to say Dan I actually have had the dream
that I've been on Harmontown and you used it you used it as the opportunity to like this was my bad
dream to like tell me what you really think oh you know that was no dream I swear to God I've had it
I've had it a couple times because I thought maybe one day I'd be able to come on here and
and promote dope state but before I did that how was I doing in the show was yeah yeah I know you
were killing it well make the stakes even higher you know I stopped killing it I say we uh we make
Gabe's dream come true yeah what do you think how do you really feel about Gabe's first I have to
kill it okay kill that's why you've been killing it I don't know people been laughing man this is a
good show and Lumpkin's is that you hey guys um uh uh I was gonna I was gonna move on to uh
child rearing that was my last topic for tonight uh they uh Rick and Morty uh writer uh has an 11
year old nephew who just got an iPhone for his birthday and uh and his his parents check the iPhone
I think I think they check it every night I think it's the rule or something so it's like and it's
divorced parents and there's like I don't want to add that that I think is too private because like
uh yeah I don't want to question like motivations of who got who's I what am I doing it's good
he's got an 11 year old nephew that got an iPhone and if that sounds weird to you uh or normal to
you as anyone's guess because we don't have rules for these days like we don't we don't have any
fucking old standards and so 11 year old kids got an iPhone and then uh the Rick and Morty writer
who's his uncle is getting all these texts from the 11 year old kid he just got his first phone
like I mean I was an idiot on Friendster when I was 25 because I was like what other people named
Dan we should form a club um the like like to be 11 and all of a sudden be able to do what
fucking big people do which is stare at the fucking thing and like I don't I guess I don't have to
make a case that the kid deserves a break it's a kid but it's just like just because I remember
being his uncle and his uncle's like and then at like 6 a.m. I'm yeah I get I get this text it's
like sup whoa so funny like I was like and he like he wrote this response about about boundaries
and stuff ultimately like and I was like why wasn't Matt returning his text an option and he and he
was he was like like well I mean along and short of it was like he's like well I don't want to
turn dishonest because now there's technology that makes it possible to connect with each other
I have it it I just can't have like I don't want the technology to turn me into a liar it's kind
of what it's like saying like like maybe I'm not always stoked to have my nephew like ask me a
question at 730 or whatever it's so you guys how will you raise your children in this new era of
nano trons and micro whams I do feel like it fucks with your brain like I don't think I would
actually stop my kid from using a smartphone or like put an age limit on it but I would be pretty
uncomfortable with the idea of like having that like that attention kind of thing I feel very
addicted to my phone and I don't like it like do you think that kids here's just a it's just a
specifying on the question if you will like like do you think that kids what if you're raising a kid
who like kid age and it's like it's sort of like like our parents my parents uh uh uh there is like
oh let's go to the malt shop uh because and you're and they're like where are you going you're going
to the malt shop all of that fucking that idea of control over your the development of your children
like how much freedom and how much power they have and you're hearing these story either these
like urban legends but actual stories of like she talked her friend into suicide because they
were talking every day in the text like where are we at with like this idea of like your kid like
like as a guy who has no kids and it was terrified of the idea like what's an addiction to him so
one of the first things I ever did was a movie about suicide and uh and I spent a bunch of time in
the uh suicide prevention community and talking about like the young brain and it's like this
addiction to immediate gratification right it's like uh and and that's why the suicide rates
are going up amongst younger people because there's this this addiction to like you know if I want
to solve a problem I can solve it like right now if I want to contact somebody or tell somebody
something or buy something like I'm getting right now but if I like get kicked out of my house for
being gay or I fight with my break up with my boyfriend or girlfriend or whatever you know you
want that immediate gratification and I think that's like that Pavlovian dog response that we've gotten
of like you know of of being able to wake up be or whatever yeah just immediately plus we're getting
inundated with so much imagery like the average one of the statistics always blows my mind is the
average agency hardcore pornography these days is seven seven years old like that's when it was
nine like of like 10 years ago the average age of look how could we let that Venice sink the average
the average age of we were once a proud lot two thousand years old the golden era I'm confused
gay but the average age of doing what the average age of seeing your first hardcore porn for the first
time is like is seven oh the first I got so it was like you add that with the gratification with
the immediate gratification thing with with with all that combined it yeah I think it like yeah I
don't want kids yeah well I mean yeah I mean we all yeah we all like look at the fact that like oh
it's a it's a crazy jungle and I'm just like what I'm curious about is like what you talk to any
parent and it's always a different adventure like they have to make their own rules on a level that
I don't think any previous generation of parent has ever I mean well probably your kids probably
fucking pioneer times when you have like a saber-tooth tiger and you have to like it's that you can't
you can't just go oh I'll do whatever your family does no you get a fucking unique situation there's
piranha there and there's a dinosaur there I don't know anything about history or yeah I've been
thinking about this a lot lately I got really scared of technology and everything but I realized
that I was really I think I was really addicted to I went on tumblr every single day and I quit
going on tumblr I didn't delete my account or anything because like I'll go back but it's been
like three or four days since I went on it at all and I quit because I realized it was I wasn't
having any like I spent a lot of alone time and I spent a lot of time in my head and I realized
that instead of going to my own brain for things I was going to tumblr for things like instead of
going for to my own self for thinking of funny things or whatever or like a comment on something
I'd be like what do people on tumblr say or do about this thing or something yeah like if I got
into a tv show instead of just having all these thoughts myself I'd like search the tag on tumblr
what did everyone else say I mean that's that's so much less shameful than the I think I like I
recognize that about Twitter I'm like and kept right on chugging like I didn't even like notice
that and been like oh that's bad I was like I think in tweets now yeah I was like that's all
it was really well it was really affecting me because also people I think in general but
especially online and then especially on tumblr people talk very negatively and I really internalized
that and stuff like I got a job and then I got really sad about it because everyone talks about
like oh I have to go to work and stuff I have to get up in the morning I'm so sad but I was like
I'm really happy about my job but I have like I feel like I have like other people's thoughts in my
head like oh the daily grind I have what they say about work in my head it could be siblings of years
without even signing up for the job I think that you know each individual of them of course you
would probably predict along with me they would be like no I'm so stoked for you and all this stuff
it would be like an outpouring of love but it was like that yeah the idea of it's like we yeah it's
interesting well yeah I got real friends like in real life and then they're very positive about
everything you know and stuff I haven't had friends in a while but there are there are ways to you
get I mean we should be proud of the fact that as like primates we are super geared towards like
picking up on what I would do in this particular context to achieve praise to feel valuable to
like like any all these things that we like to regard as like oh here's the empirical human
experiences as if there's anything empirical about a fucking monkey that that thinks it's half god and
like like can't like like spinning from sentience and like running across the earth going maybe if
I had an alphabet like it's psychosis so like there's nothing empirical about what we go through
like except for the fact that we are that moving planchette on the Ouija board of god's abuse
all right I went a little too far too true you can't use abuse as a metaphor for a Ouija board
that's dumb and also why start with the technical french term for the pointer thing on a Ouija
board what are you a guy who watched 1987's witch board this is exactly what you said in my dream
Dan this is amazing there's a word word Gabe I'm doing a show how everyone's doing a show and you
come on here and you think you can be that and do this and that nothing will happen everything's
going to happen and everything is nothing and the difference is a poor man's jewish harp
playing in the darkness in a jug band on a he-ha that's been cancelled because you're out of the
demo I'm out of the demo I'm in the demo man I'm the main demo well you will you will you can
find me because I'm high this is where I get uncarismatically high but when you're getting more high
as the time passes did you hold this baseball did you panic a little bit when you were like you're
like telling the story about how you like literally you were like at jail and you were like come on
like someone's going to talk to me about this and I like made the joke of like that's
fucking privilege and then like right after that you were you the word queer came you're like
also I'm fucking gay by the way like like did you like play at the time when the when that when
that when that event ice cream I'm gay well no but you when you did you did your impression of it
where you are like you're like I don't know what to do and like and you also said the word queer
and I'm curious like were you were you projecting the image for that person of like I can't I can't
spend fucking Martin Luther King weekend in prison like in jail like like and and like translated
into kind of like um sexuality terms a little bit even more so than
no he's shaking his head no I mean I channel everything into sexual terms but I don't know if
I don't know I don't know this is this is I don't know what you're asking oh like he's talking about
the moment when when what was the climax of it when when when telling the the story and then he
said the word privilege where you panicked into wanting to seem like more of just a straight
white young man who got out of jail for free like oh did I want a less like oh I'm also gay like I'm
also gay oh yeah yeah you're asking why if that's the reason why I said that well I guess that was
a layer of it but then I was also curious in the meantime because I was like well that's a that's
you don't you also don't have to we don't have to talk about that but also going back to that part
of the story I was also curious if that wait are you asking if what you really wanted to do was call
me a faggot just now when you were when you were putting me in my place and well that's not cool
Dan oh damn is that too far bro whoa you're you're out of the demo new world yeah like where you're
gonna like kind of show man oh no no that no that was not connected no all right all right
because that because that might that might I was thinking about age I was like because I was
projecting myself as when I think demo I was like you're too old but you're not too old I was
that's what that was I was not connecting I did I did leap from you're out of the demo hey can I
ask gay questions that is that is the core that I follow that's by the way that the main center
of conversation at Starburns industries most of the time is like we'll start off in one
bit of conversation and then we'll get it because I'm I identify as queer some by section I'm into
both and and it will always no matter what the it's like the dowling thing or whatever looking
for water it's like there will be like a conversation about like is nerf still putting out products
and then it'll be like well that's interesting because you know with dicks and vaginas you know
like it always will lead back to that path same yeah yeah so in your very Harmon way I it was
perfect because I didn't understand anything you were really saying it was completely over my head
but then it got back to dicks so you want to talk about dicks I don't I we started with balls
I wait wait you once said you once said in a bar that you find a bisexuality to be the most
highly evolved of the species and I can't tell you how dare you how don't tell my millennial audience
it was a brief lapse of of closed-mindedness someone said that to me about like non-binary
people like well that's like I don't say it to everyone I think some people aren't to the next
stage of evolution but loss prevention I think is that's very important I yeah you ever fired someone
shrinkage shrink I just oh sorry what if she's like yeah I'm a huge homophobe I don't hit a lot
so my whole life I grew up with all boys I have three brothers and a dad and I always thought guys
tucked their penis up when they put their pants on yeah where does it go some do
you because you're like here's how a person because it's so big I don't know I just always thought
that guys just took their penis up when they put their you see tuck it up tuck it up where
like into your waist band so just so it's not to the left or right so I could just go in the
middle for some reason that you would like sit on it or close your legs on it so you always
tucked it up some people do right was this was this based on you seeing one of your brothers do
this or something and it is the conversation like did you steal that DVD of demolition man also
you know do you like your penis yeah yeah does that have something you would not tuck that's
actually the first question I have your penis in my interviews with guys I'm like how where you put
your penis I have to go to the left or right right I don't think that's not a symmetry
all I had was Game of Thrones I think that's you could say faggot if you want to Dan you can
lean right where does it go where does it go I need to know if the two different ways you know
it's not like you're gonna be like faggot you're gonna be like faggot you know you say like you
lean into the into the sassy side of it you can get away with them you have two queer people
giving you permission to say the word yeah all the way that word should be a flathead screwdriver
like that was like that that really went bring it back maybe not some people are yeah where's Dino
Stamatopoulos let's give him or he's in Europe I was thinking the other day about how on Twitter
of like like which is while a showrunner of community technically but it wasn't like it's
it's like the internet was different it was a fucking showrunner of an NBC sitcom but it's
still this was it was like I've told this story before where my brother tweeted that he was like
proud of his daughter or something like that and I tweet I responded I was just like fag
and it was like I'm not I'm not I am not fucking telling you that at the time that was funny it's
there was you know point in explaining that it was like for for me as an individual
evident by that behavior I was in a space where I thought that was absolutely fine
and and and like I remember getting kind of like like a bunch of people going like did you
just call that man a fag for loving his daughter and being kind of like yeah well it wasn't even
about outrage or oppressing anyone's like when you put it that way even if we were on a desert
island I'm a bad brother that was a dumb why did I think that's funny and but not to mention the
fact that then people are like it was like but I was just the reason I bring up the stories
because I remember I was like I'm like doing something around my house and kind of daydreaming
about the internet and how it was different uh 10 years ago which is such a weird thing because
the internet's supposed to be the thing that's different about any years ago and now and then
thinking back as an old man and going I remember when I didn't get fired for calling my brother a
fag for loving his daughter in front of everyone then a couple people yelled at me and I said
listen I didn't mean to call my brother a fag and the fags talked it out with me and they
told me about a charity and I donated to it and that's why I'm woke
that's my story so I don't know where this deposition is going what do you mean where
are the monsters they're not here I took a road called I'm not a monster every day to here how
could I be a monster did you know the how to not be a monster guide leads you to monstrosity in the
future all you have to do is not think about anything for 30 years and you'll end up doing
everything wrong it's not fair my name is kane mutiner whoa that's a cool name why did you well
improvise dumb fucking I liked it daniel what do you think of the podcast you think it's stupid
don't you I love human resource my podcast fire the most fire the person that needs to be in your
time I can't so technically I have no power over firing make the podcast better with one firing
hint hint it's the fucking guy that ruins everything okay who do you want so fire like who do you
want me to fire obviously we can have no we can have nova fire somebody and then daniel could
sit there as a char make sure that right nova could i like this idea you could lodge a formal
complaint about yeah do you want to you're a store manager yeah okay here we go you tell me what you
got to fire one of us when it's off harm attack the one who ruins it no nova didn't sign up for any of
this but she seems kind of excited about it he know a little bit uh-oh how well see oh secrets
don't make friends that's good there's a little planning okay i just see this is i'm getting
scared now because this this is this is getting legit uh-oh because this there would be all these
interoffice e-mails going on that's that's what this represents right now i don't wish we're on
whose line is it anyway you can't get all the preconceived facts do you guys have any idea how
much thousands of dollars okay go ahead let's just let's just say do you have any idea how many
thousands of dollars of things i've bought on amazon go in a new segment called dan makes himself
more relatable wait that is way more of the coyote are you saying you're gonna buy us stuff yeah
because that might change by you guys bribe oh are you buying stuff do you want to gilly see
not get fired oh no i'll i will all of our audience i will i will all of our audience get
guests get thousand dollar gifts from amazon from dad everyone everyone that came up here tonight
everybody gets a random assortment of of of mismatched um usbc audio interfaces no all right
and fucking random ac adapters and all manner of of every usb cable classification um of which
there are 47 yet you can i'm gonna i'll bring it all next week and divvy it between you two yeah
one of you is gonna have like a thing that looks like a guitar but kind of when i turn 21 you can
buy me a kettle one i yeah that's cheap okay shoot higher what did i interrupt pumpkin there was
there was show happening uh mr Harmon right can you come to the office please oh okay yeah well
i'll finish pricing these lettuce heads should i be hard oh you'll be hard you give it to him
um so uh mr Harmon uh dan can i call you dan hey you can call me anything you want to just not
leave for dinner do you uh do you have any do you have any brothers or sisters dan what what are
you doing for the holiday weekend what's you know how are you doing whoa um i i uh i don't know i
usually just hang it hang out at home but i didn't i never thought okay dan so the thing is that um
you know we've uh we've been a little a little light on some of the stock this week have you
been into the uh the bath section of the uh the supermarket bath seven bath i'll seven you know
shampoos and and uh you know razors and things have you uh do you usually uh stock that aisle
don't you yeah well we've uh we've been a little bit a little bit light on uh some of the dove shampoo
you know it was missing uh actually and we couldn't account for it and uh you know we we know it was
you dan we know you stole two cases of dove shampoo and conditioner you the peach scented
women's dove shampoo i know my rights i know my rights i'm not this is not a police matter
i never walked out of the store one of our other employees i can't tell you who they saw it in
the trunk of your car they saw the the peach dove shampoo i raise arrest the rays that come out of
my eyes because those are the only things there's video evidence of you um are you leaving the store
are you asking me better if you admitted it are you asking me to to to confirm that i stole property
from your store just level with it i'm taking off the general manager hat oh shit we're putting it
in in the in the trash even i'm not going to put it back on your best interest if you just told us
the truth all right is the hat what actually makes you a general manager yes yes it is well
who is she this is danielle this is our head of hr uh she's just here to make sure that that your
rights are not being violated i'm on your side i'm on your side all right okay just admit you were
wrong and we will settle this i think this is what the kids call a feat a complete
whoa i think i think i think i was targeted for the fucking one course when i want rolled in here
okay yeah targeted how dan what targeted how you came in smelling like cannabis and we don't
appreciate that here oh you buried the lead well i can't fire you for that but we have
can't fire me for smoking for smelling like cannabis can you unless unless unless i admit i smoked
cannabis by the way she and i have been having an affair that's why i know all this shit i can't
admit it i can't admit it though you weren't supposed to say by the way it's possible so you i don't
know i didn't mean to hijack the scene i will deny okay good everything you say all right you can
say whatever this is ralph i'm the owner of this ralph's department store oh sir oh shit it's ralph
and this little faggot has been stealing bath salts ralph please this little faggot right here's
been stealing bath salts and i know it you fire his ass take him out tuck his dick between his legs
and get him the fuck out of no all right that won't all right mr Harmon you're fired and the
week you're done that's how but you can still claim unemployment if you want so go for it
well he he can he does get unemployment he can claim it i'm gonna fight it though whoa i will
fight it yeah i do think bisexuals and non-binary's are the next stage of evolution yeah all right i
won't fight it you're good to go i mean i think you would you Nova and daniel you missed he was
about to admit that he stole the soap no no he's good he just well i was guy was i what were you
doing with all that peach shampoo what were you doing with all the peach shampoo i don't even know
i mean i i i i i if i say that i the uh the devil like makes me into shampoo i'm gonna get
less jail or more did i just kill this scene with the with the with the like i thought that was a
knock was that a bookend there oh no we were we were doing the porn version of improv where
we didn't know how to yes hand each other i'm here to fix the sink no you're not
no i'm no i'm not no i'm no i'm cut like our sex mr Harmon there are also several cases of
pantyhose missing from our women's department i that's where i thought it was going because i
think that those are also stored in the bath aisle right can't wait i was i was i was like a passing
thing that idea of like kids when they like that that friend like the nine going to seven nova you're
incredibly young i don't i don't this but you're an you're an adult but you're not a drinking adult
that's exactly where you're at right now do you and you have absolutely every right not to answer
do you have it does anything stick out to you about your exposure to hardcore pornography
it's a tasteful podcast god damn it i'll tell the story about the first time i ever saw porn
uh it was what year did the movie mordecai come out with johnny depp oh that movie's
recently it was uh what was it like 2015 or 2014 or something and um i really liked that movie
and i liked the guy in it and i looked up on google not looking for porn whatsoever just google
images just friendly safe photos i looked up blonde men with mustaches that's in my favorites
because i was like more please and it took you to the weather man's union and i saw a porn video
and i was like all right i guess today's the day i gotta gotta see porn for the first time sometime
wait how old were you seven is that what you said i was probably 15 or 16 whatever year the
movie mordecai came out so i think like 16 probably i'm gonna stop asking questions because it's like
it's uncharismatic now what was your i was i told his story you weren't even asking well i remember
no no but i was curious about that because i was thinking about mine which i can volunteer and which
won't feel yeah what's your first penetrative old dude that can just tell you like penetrative porn
not like like like like looking at like actual yeah i remember i've i've mentioned this on the
podcast before like that it was uh my dad had a box in his basement and that was playboy he had a
subscription to playboy for a year of his life and there was no hard drive there was no we didn't
know that porn was infinite so like i i i even if you got married you would just put your all your
playboys in a box and i guess and put it there there was just somehow over the years we knew
you know take 20 years you get you get like me and my brother like somehow we'd figured out like
there's like 17 magazines up on a top shelf in the basement somewhere that represent my dad's
you know carnal final final years as a subscriber to being a single guy in the form of something
that you couldn't there was no internet to look at you couldn't type in boobs um but the more but
the hardcore thing was like we would we would we would hunt for crawdad crayfish we called them
in milwaukee yeah like crayfish they were like in this pond where we told this we would go we
would ride our dirt bikes up there and so it was like i want to say 10 9 or 10 and uh yeah it was
like there was like this creek and uh pond and then on the other side of these railroad tracks
there was this printing company and one of their clients was hustler and there was just this kind
of general uh it's like i don't know how i don't know by what system but it was sort of like in
this weird place where you hunted for crayfish part of the magic of that area was that if you
you if you if you root it around enough you are going to eventually find like weird loose muddy pages
of of cast off like misprinted pornography from the only periodical that i'm sure out of all that
that printing plant probably wasn't just it didn't say hustler on the top of the printing plant it was
probably just this chugga chugga we turn acid into paper or the vice versa kind of like plant but
like the only thing that they accomplished that made it into grubby hands that probably left
and then turned into things that were amenable to the wind uh like we're that that we didn't
learn anything about cooking uh from there was it was just like you would just you'd be a fucking
muddy you're like rock and you'd lift it you're like i think i see something pull it out and it'd be
this weird like pictorial about a truck driver stopping in the diner but will you will you show
me what today's specials are and like i mean like we would all huddle around it experience that's a
nice like hands-on like i i i i spent some time growing up in the midwest and uh uh like tornado
season came through and ripped down um the janitors like a little shack that he had he'd like you know
the little shack and the next day i mean the whole thing didn't go down but it was like partially
you know messed up and the next day there was porn magazines all like around campus that happened
to me too like hanging in a tree was the jenny mccarthy playboy one of her in the in the in the
in the bathtub and i remember like a friend you know a couple friends like reaching up at it you
know like like you're reaching for it and uh and they never got polio right that sounds more rustic
than a mr. plains you can parse that information however you want my my my first heavy porn was a
magazine open mind mine was when we were on tour with the king and i i was at this point 10 years
old and we were hotels every three weeks like across the country and we were like st louis
or since an ad here somewhere and we like i i i found something under the bed or maybe one of
the other kids in the in the show found something under their hotel room bed and it was a porn mag
of pretty hardcore stuff and it was all black people it was like an ebony kind of you know
thing and it was really wild and i'd never seen yes queen i don't know i just look i try to stay
relevant all right now we just sat there we just sat there in the bed and just went through it and
i'm like what what like what is that what is that what is that and like what's that white stuff and
what the what the fuck is going on we we were like detectives trying to like reverse it like
do they like each other are they fighting what's going on is that pee or is that and if it was a
hustler the answer was i don't know that's the problem i think that that's not the did you
did you guys all find the porn before you ever had the talk or after uh i can't remember the
talk i've told the story before on my podcast but i think my mom at a pretty early age and i think
with the best of intentions like did say this lying to me that i never forgot which was like
do you know how babies get made and i was like i don't know like i really don't remember how old
i was when i remember my mom going like i mean mom would be like this isn't fair this retelling of
the fucking story and i now i sympathize with her now that my comedy sketch from 2009 like like
make i'm starting to realize what i've put my parents through as an adult um and the retelling
of their fucking foibles when they were children having children but like i remember my mom saying
like the man's the man sees a naked lady and his and his penis stands up and starts to dance around
and it shoots white stuff out of it dances around there's no contact in that story it's like a man
like sees a fucking woman and like his penis was his dad doing right i remember that was that was
the birds and bees talk that i got but and i but i do think i learned about sex from porn i mean i
could see that the grown-ups in the porn movies that we could see my dad had vhs tapes and we were
seeing these hustler magazines we could see that one thing that correlates to the thing that we know
that makes boys that's like going in there like we could see it going in there but it's still
countless debates about is that pee is that where she pees like what's that stuff what's that stuff
you are actively looking for it that's the other thing is like only kid needs to google like the
word boy or girl or man woman whatever and like that stuff just appears like i find it yeah i mean
i think that's a whole other like mindset which is like i was i was right on the cusp i'm right at
the the age where i was still like looking at national geographics for boobies and such
and hoping for a wee wee but they never had the wee wees um but like i was like i think literally
like the last generation who had right before it like crossed over and i would like actively like
look for it but if it just like it's thrown in your face well that's the whole thing right aren't
we like having sex less now that's like a thing right well i think it's but i think that's god
i've read those headlines or i'm like millennials are having sex less and i'm like i know why and
it ain't got nothing like like oh my god like what a fucking contract like for the rest of your life
well there's a um there's a lot of people saying which makes sense that um porn is so crazy and
there's all this stuff and then you could have it like anytime any place and so um you could see it
and so then and they do you could watch like more and more hardcore stuff that maybe you'd
never get the opportunity to do in real life so you get like you know overstimulated by that so
then real sex is like boring to people there's supposedly that's the problem i'm having yeah
yeah totally i i i do i do want to say that i want to offer i want to offer a counterpoint
to that just because i remember being a very sexually like non-functional person and and
reading that stuff and like really letting it add to my shame that what i was reading was the
like it was like the self-fulfilling prophecy of like well what do you expect all you do is jerk
off all over the internet of course now you're becoming golem because you because you like
what are you gonna do except hang out and like polish your ring in a fucking cave even though
that's the one place you don't need to be visible you eat fish all day like like you're it's like
who cares who sees you but like i have a million questions about lord of the rings but but uh but
i do i do want to counter that just a little bit because remembering the amount of shame that
that made me feel and the amount of true that that wasn't necessarily i do absolutely think that
people online that are like you know i'm i'm i'm touching myself so much that like i it's a it's
a dysfunction and of course that's why i'm not this or that like like it just it makes me want to
burst into tears thinking about that and i just want to say that like being yeah being with someone
that you can trust like feeling that you have permission to be who you are it erases everything
it's not it's just it's it's it's done and done you're not damaging yourself by indulging yourself
you're not you're you're you're you're not a fucking like phone battery that you can run out
you're not you're not you're not a you're not a product you're if you're if you're if you're
if you're isolated and alienated and numb and like like however you're dealing with it deal with it
and um uh your your libido will be healthy soon um uh whenever it whenever it needs to be it'll it'll
be right there like if it is oh boy um well yeah i just i just don't want to like cliff hangers thank
you so much everybody let's give it up for no but daniel everybody if we could leave you on one
note it would be how much i'm what how much i'm coming it's a weird song that's about how the kids
are coming all right i mean i mean i can't watch dope state no blue no dot mash app channel 420
don't tell the truth to human resources if you work at a place that's worth of salt um and uh
and and buy buy nova a drink in a year all right no but daniel give it up for game Sunday everybody
and his drug dealer mother Spencer Crittendeni'm your i'm your comptroller jeff davis and your
mayor is mr Dan Harmon thank y'all for coming drive fast and take chances did you get any of that
you